and the Lord spoke to Moses go to
and the Lord spoke to Moses go to Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the Lord let my people go that they may
Lord let my people go that they may
Lord let my people go that they may serve me but if you refuse to let them
serve me but if you refuse to let them
serve me but if you refuse to let them go behold I will smite all your
go behold I will smite all your
go behold I will smite all your territory with frogs so the river shall
territory with frogs so the river shall
territory with frogs so the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly which shall
bring forth frogs abundantly which shall
bring forth frogs abundantly which shall go up and come into your house into your
go up and come into your house into your
go up and come into your house into your bedroom on your bed into the houses of
bedroom on your bed into the houses of
bedroom on your bed into the houses of your servants on your people into your
your servants on your people into your
your servants on your people into your ovens and into your kneading boats and
ovens and into your kneading boats and
ovens and into your kneading boats and the frogs shall come upon you on your
the frogs shall come upon you on your
the frogs shall come upon you on your people and on all your servants say to
people and on all your servants say to
people and on all your servants say to aaron stretch out your hand with your
aaron stretch out your hand with your
aaron stretch out your hand with your rod over the streams over the rivers and
rod over the streams over the rivers and
rod over the streams over the rivers and over the ponds and cause frogs to come
over the ponds and cause frogs to come
over the ponds and cause frogs to come up on the land of Egypt so Aaron
up on the land of Egypt so Aaron
up on the land of Egypt so Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters
stretched out his hand over the waters
stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt and the frogs came up and
of Egypt and the frogs came up and
of Egypt and the frogs came up and covered the landing
magicians did so with their enchantments
magicians did so with their enchantments and brought up subs on the land of Egypt
and brought up subs on the land of Egypt
and brought up subs on the land of Egypt then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron
then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron
then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron and three-d-- the Lord that he may take
and three-d-- the Lord that he may take
and three-d-- the Lord that he may take away the frogs from me and my people and
away the frogs from me and my people and
away the frogs from me and my people and I will let the people know that they may
I will let the people know that they may
I will let the people know that they may sacrifice to the Lord accept the honor
sacrifice to the Lord accept the honor
sacrifice to the Lord accept the honor of saying when I shall intercede for
of saying when I shall intercede for
of saying when I shall intercede for your servants and for your people to
your servants and for your people to
your servants and for your people to destroy the frogs from you and your
destroy the frogs from you and your
destroy the frogs from you and your houses that they may remain in the river
houses that they may remain in the river
houses that they may remain in the river only tomorrow
only tomorrow
only tomorrow let it be according to your word that
let it be according to your word that
let it be according to your word that you may know that there is no one like
you may know that there is no one like
you may know that there is no one like the Lord our God and the frogs shall
the Lord our God and the frogs shall
the Lord our God and the frogs shall depart from you from your houses from
depart from you from your houses from
depart from you from your houses from your servants and from your people they
your servants and from your people they
your servants and from your people they shall remain in the river Oh
shall remain in the river Oh
shall remain in the river Oh [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then Moses and Aaron went out some
then Moses and Aaron went out some
then Moses and Aaron went out some Pharaoh and Moses cried out to the Lord
Pharaoh and Moses cried out to the Lord
Pharaoh and Moses cried out to the Lord concerning the frogs which he had
concerning the frogs which he had
concerning the frogs which he had brought against ferry so the Lord did
brought against ferry so the Lord did
brought against ferry so the Lord did according to the word of Moses and the
according to the word of Moses and the
according to the word of Moses and the frogs died out of the houses out of the
frogs died out of the houses out of the
frogs died out of the houses out of the courtyards and out of the fields they
courtyards and out of the fields they
courtyards and out of the fields they gathered them together in heaps and the
gathered them together in heaps and the
gathered them together in heaps and the land stack
but when Farah saw that there was relief
but when Farah saw that there was relief he hardened his heart and did not heed
he hardened his heart and did not heed
he hardened his heart and did not heed them as the Lord had said
them as the Lord had said
them as the Lord had said so the Lord said to Moses say to Aaron
so the Lord said to Moses say to Aaron
so the Lord said to Moses say to Aaron stretch out your rod and strike the dust
stretch out your rod and strike the dust
stretch out your rod and strike the dust of the land so that it may become lice
of the land so that it may become lice
of the land so that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt and
throughout all the land of Egypt and
throughout all the land of Egypt and they did so for Aaron stretched out his
they did so for Aaron stretched out his
they did so for Aaron stretched out his hand with his rod and struck the dust of
hand with his rod and struck the dust of
hand with his rod and struck the dust of the earth and it became lice on man and
the earth and it became lice on man and
the earth and it became lice on man and beast all the dust of the land became
beast all the dust of the land became
beast all the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land of Egypt
lice throughout all the land of Egypt
lice throughout all the land of Egypt now the magician so worked with their
now the magician so worked with their
now the magician so worked with their enchantments to bring forth lice but
enchantments to bring forth lice but
enchantments to bring forth lice but they could so there were lice on man and
they could so there were lice on man and
they could so there were lice on man and beast then the magician said to Pharaoh
beast then the magician said to Pharaoh
beast then the magician said to Pharaoh this is the finger of God but Pharaoh's
this is the finger of God but Pharaoh's
this is the finger of God but Pharaoh's heart grew hard and he did not heat them
heart grew hard and he did not heat them
heart grew hard and he did not heat them just as the Lord had said
just as the Lord had said
just as the Lord had said and the Lord said to Moses rise early in
and the Lord said to Moses rise early in
and the Lord said to Moses rise early in the morning and stand before Pharaoh as
the morning and stand before Pharaoh as
the morning and stand before Pharaoh as he comes out to the water then say to
he comes out to the water then say to
he comes out to the water then say to him thus says the Lord let my people go
him thus says the Lord let my people go
him thus says the Lord let my people go that they may serve me or else if you
that they may serve me or else if you
that they may serve me or else if you will not let my people go
will not let my people go
will not let my people go behold I will send swarms of flies on
behold I will send swarms of flies on
behold I will send swarms of flies on you and your servants on your people and
you and your servants on your people and
you and your servants on your people and into your houses the houses of the
into your houses the houses of the
into your houses the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of
Egyptians shall be full of swarms of
Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies and also the ground on which they
flies and also the ground on which they
flies and also the ground on which they stand and in that day I will set apart
stand and in that day I will set apart
stand and in that day I will set apart the land of Goshen in which my people
the land of Goshen in which my people
the land of Goshen in which my people dwell that no swarms of flies shall be
dwell that no swarms of flies shall be
dwell that no swarms of flies shall be there in order that you may know that I
there in order that you may know that I
there in order that you may know that I am the Lord in the midst of the land I
am the Lord in the midst of the land I
am the Lord in the midst of the land I will make a difference between my people
will make a difference between my people
will make a difference between my people and your people tomorrow this son shall
and your people tomorrow this son shall
and your people tomorrow this son shall be
and the Lord did sir Vic swarms of flies
and the Lord did sir Vic swarms of flies came into the house of Pharaoh into his
came into the house of Pharaoh into his
came into the house of Pharaoh into his servants houses and into all the land of
servants houses and into all the land of
servants houses and into all the land of Egypt the land was corrupted because of
Egypt the land was corrupted because of
Egypt the land was corrupted because of the swarms of flies Pharaoh called for
the swarms of flies Pharaoh called for
the swarms of flies Pharaoh called for Moses America go sacrifice to your God
Moses America go sacrifice to your God
Moses America go sacrifice to your God in the land but Moses said to him it is
in the land but Moses said to him it is
in the land but Moses said to him it is not right to do so for we would be
not right to do so for we would be
not right to do so for we would be sacrificing the abomination of the
sacrificing the abomination of the
sacrificing the abomination of the Egyptians to the Lord our God if we
Egyptians to the Lord our God if we
Egyptians to the Lord our God if we sacrifice the abomination of the
sacrifice the abomination of the
sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes then will
Egyptians before their eyes then will
Egyptians before their eyes then will they not stone us we will go three days
they not stone us we will go three days
they not stone us we will go three days journey into the wilderness and
journey into the wilderness and
journey into the wilderness and sacrifice to the Lord our God as he will
sacrifice to the Lord our God as he will
sacrifice to the Lord our God as he will command us I will let you go that you
command us I will let you go that you
command us I will let you go that you may sacrifice to the Lord your God in
may sacrifice to the Lord your God in
may sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness only you shall not go
the wilderness only you shall not go
the wilderness only you shall not go very far away
it's a seed for me you need I am going
it's a seed for me you need I am going out from is what I will entreat the Lord
out from is what I will entreat the Lord
out from is what I will entreat the Lord that the swarms of flies may depart
that the swarms of flies may depart
that the swarms of flies may depart tomorrow from Pharaoh from his servants
tomorrow from Pharaoh from his servants
tomorrow from Pharaoh from his servants and from his people but let Pharaoh not
and from his people but let Pharaoh not
and from his people but let Pharaoh not deal deceitfully anymore in not letting
deal deceitfully anymore in not letting
deal deceitfully anymore in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the Lord
the people go to sacrifice to the Lord
the people go to sacrifice to the Lord so Moses went out from Pharaoh and
so Moses went out from Pharaoh and
so Moses went out from Pharaoh and entreated the Lord and the Lord did
entreated the Lord and the Lord did
entreated the Lord and the Lord did according to the word of Moses he
according to the word of Moses he
according to the word of Moses he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh
removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh
removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh but discerns and from his people not one
but discerns and from his people not one
but discerns and from his people not one remained but Pharaoh hardened his heart
remained but Pharaoh hardened his heart
remained but Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also neither would he let
at this time also neither would he let
at this time also neither would he let the people girl
the people girl
the people girl you